That's it. We're happy with that, thank you very much
Okay, standing by.
Hello, young man.
1, 2, 3, 4. 6, 7, 8. 9-7, that's what the score should have been.
My mum was a bit, "footballer?" You know?
My dad was, who never missed a match, went to all the matching at Middlesborough, was a huge Borough supporter
was absolutely thrilled, "that's the young man whose been scoring all the goals."
We dictators like to talk a lot.
Complex
We all like to be liked
A purist
Play it in the green grass, not in the air
Get in there, that's what I pay you for
A lover of the simple things
One thing you haven't got in football is time
And at times his own reflection
Ali: Clough, I've had enough. Stop it
Clough tells it all
Mid-70's, late-70's
He turned the average into the extraordinary
He captured that decade
The portrayal of Brian Clough in that book -- But the truth -- is absolutely outrageous
--isn't always black and white
I would like the supreme job
It's a bit cold isn't it?